Improve castError handling of non strings (#13315)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/redux-routine/CHANGELOG.md

### Bug Fixes

- Fix unhandled promise rejection error caused by returning null from registered generator ([#13314](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/13314))

> - Removed `castError`.  The middleware will now simply throw the value exposed on a Promise reject or thrown error rather than coercing to an instance of `Error`.  Consuming code can now access whatever value is thrown directly.

Reviewer: `castError` was never exposed to a consumer, so they needn't care about it, at least by name.

```suggestion
- The middleware will no longer attempt to coerce an error to an instance of `Error`, and instead passes through the thrown value directly.
```

> - Removed `castError`.  The middleware will now simply throw the value exposed on a Promise reject or thrown error rather than coercing to an instance of `Error`.  Consuming code can now access whatever value is thrown directly.

Reviewer: Maybe more to illustrate it's in-fact a bug, if that's what we're claiming it to be.

```suggestion
- The middleware will no longer attempt to coerce an error to an instance of `Error`, and instead passes through the thrown value directly. This resolves issues where an `Error` with a non-sensical message would be thrown when the underlying values were not of type `Error` or `string` (e.g. a thrown object).
```
